Do you think it's about time you had more freedom?
You may think you're ready to be treated as an adult, but do your parents agree?
Have you proven to them that you can handle more freedom?
You see, if you want more freedom, you have to gain your parents' trust.
Earning their trust takes time.
But every time you prove yourself responsible, you get one step closer to your goal.
In ways you can show your trust worthy are diligently completing your chores, especially
without being reminded, managing your time wisely, and being punctual, taking care of
your things, showing that you can handle money in a responsible way, and following through
on the promises you make.
Of course, nobody's perfect, so if you make a mistake, it's not the end of the world.
Call the Bible's advice at Hebrews 13-18, to conduct yourself honestly and all things.
Tell the truth and be straightforward.
If you admit your mistake and apologize, your parents will see that you are willing to
take responsibility for your actions, and they'll appreciate your honesty.
But what if you feel that despite your best efforts, your parents still aren't giving
you enough freedom?
Don't just get annoyed, talk to them.
Respectfully ask what they think you need to do to earn their trust.
You may be surprised to learn of some other areas where you can show your responsible.
At 2 Corinthians 13-5, the Bible says, keep proving what you are.
So you need to build up a record of consistency.
That way, you'll prove you're worthy of trust.
Every step you take brings you closer to your goal.
Of course, trust is much harder to gain than it is to lose.
But the effort is worth it.
When your parents see you working hard to earn their trust, they will likely be happy to
give you more freedom, and you'll be another step closer to becoming a responsible adult.